Xiaoxue, don't worry.
I will definitely find a way to save you.
Master, come out
Young Master, this is all the information of Ding Wenxiu
Take a look.
This Ding Wenxiu has a strange personality.
I'm afraid it won't work if we play hard with him.
His hobbies are drinking tea and antique china
Maybe we can start with that.
What do you mean?
Do you want to buy some good tea and bring it to him?
Recently, a new style has arrived with a new batch of antiques.
As far as we know
There should be a colorful teapot from the Ming Dynasty
priceless
Secretary Yang will not be my father's left and right arm
Okay, I'll go over then.
Hey wait
How is the investigation into the Tokyo consortium?